The roll of the third company was called at first light.
Private Ivanov of Ryazan answered.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Ivanov of Ryazan in the book.
Private Petrov of Tula was marked present.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Petrov of Tula in the book.
Private Sidorov of Kaluga reported sick.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Sidorov of Kaluga in the book.
Private Smirnov of Tver stood in the front rank.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Smirnov of Tver in the book.
Private Kuznetsov of Yaroslavl was assigned to the baggage.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Kuznetsov of Yaroslavl in the book.
Private Popov of Vladimir carried the colour.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Popov of Vladimir in the book.
Private Vasiliev of Kostroma answered for his brother.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Vasiliev of Kostroma in the book.
Private Sokolov of Vologda was noted absent without leave.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Sokolov of Vologda in the book.
Private Mikhailov of Novgorod received the ration.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Mikhailov of Novgorod in the book.
Private Novikov of Pskov drew a new musket.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Novikov of Pskov in the book.
Private Fedorov of Orel answered.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Fedorov of Orel in the book.
Private Morozov of Kursk was marked present.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Morozov of Kursk in the book.
Private Volkov of Tambov reported sick.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Volkov of Tambov in the book.
Private Alekseev of Penza stood in the front rank.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Alekseev of Penza in the book.
Private Lebedev of Saratov was assigned to the baggage.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Lebedev of Saratov in the book.
Private Semenov of Voronezh carried the colour.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Semenov of Voronezh in the book.
Private Egorov of Simbirsk answered for his brother.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Egorov of Simbirsk in the book.
Private Pavlov of Kazan was noted absent without leave.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Pavlov of Kazan in the book.
Private Kozlov of Vyatka received the ration.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Kozlov of Vyatka in the book.
Private Stepanov of Perm drew a new musket.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Stepanov of Perm in the book.
Private Nikolaev of Ufa answered.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Nikolaev of Ufa in the book.
Private Orlov of Orenburg was marked present.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Orlov of Orenburg in the book.
Private Andreev of Samara reported sick.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Andreev of Samara in the book.
Private Makarov of Astrakhan stood in the front rank.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Makarov of Astrakhan in the book.
Private Nikitin of Nizhny was assigned to the baggage.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Nikitin of Nizhny in the book.
Private Zakharov of Smolensk carried the colour.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Zakharov of Smolensk in the book.
Private Zaitsev of Mogilev answered for his brother.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Zaitsev of Mogilev in the book.
Private Solovyov of Vitebsk was noted absent without leave.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Solovyov of Vitebsk in the book.
Private Borisov of Minsk received the ration.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Borisov of Minsk in the book.
Private Yakovlev of Kiev drew a new musket.
Sergeant Ilyin wrote Yakovlev of Kiev in the book.
The sergeant closed the book and the company fell in.
